Random hardware failures will happen. There's no way around it.
For example, silicon can wear out or connections can break due to thermal expansion.
Cosmic radiation and magnetic fields also cause hardware to fail as well.
The number of failures permitted within a given period of time,
will depend on the ASIL.
For example, an ASIL D element should have
fewer than one failure every 100 million hours.
Besides these hardware failure target values,
the function safety standard defines
a few random hardware metrics called architectural Safety Metrics.
These metrics are: the single point fault metric,
the latent fault metric and the probabilistic metric for random hardware failures.
Each ASIL has different allowable thresholds for these three metrics.
We won't go into the details of how to calculate them.
You can find more information in section five of the Functional Safety Standard.